DAN: My whole world changed one day
when all these random cards
started raining down everywhere!
At first they seemed harmless enough
so a bunch of us kids
invented this cool new game...
That's when we realized
those cards weren't so harmless after all!
They were packed with incredible powers
from another world!
My name is Dan, and together with my friends,
Runo...
Marucho...
Julie...
Not to mention Mr. Hotshot himself, Shun...
And Alice, we are...
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Bakugan!
One goal... two worlds!
\u266a What are you going to do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Gotta give it your all...
\u266a Ah ha ah ha
\u266a this is the final stand
\u266a the power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
Bakugan Battle Brawlers in \"Showdown\".
\u266a Hmmm - hmmm - hm - hmmm...
So whaddya think Marucho...
Should I get this one or one of those other fourteen?
Like I said, I think that first one looked just fine
on you...
Huh?
C'mon, let's go Julie.
I mean what if someone sees me in here...
I do have a reputation as a Bakugan Brawler to uphold
and this place is rather...
huh?
Hey look !
Oh?
What is it Marucho, y'see something you like?
What's... Dan... doing...
Dan?
This baby oughtta do the trick...
Curious...
I didn't realize Dan went for the \"bling - bling\".
But each to his own...
No, silly...
Don't you get it?
Dan obviously came here to buy a special gift for Runo!
There you are.
Thanks.
Uh... can I help you two?
No thanks, we're with him .
Yeah...
Ahh!
It's Joe !
Wow, what a surprise.
I didn't expect you guys to walk in here with Joe!
We were pretty surprised to see him too...
Weren't we?
Yeah!
I thought I'd suffered a minor concussion.
I'm glad to see you...
and you look really good.
Thanks.
I feel really good too .
Wavern kinda filled me in on a lot of things.
For instance, how she was able to hide
the Infinity Core within her.
That's right...
Y'know, I really wanted to come hang out
with the Brawlers as soon as I was able to.
And... here I am.
I missed you guys.
We missed you too Joe... Really...
OKAY!
I'd say it's time to celebrate !
Garcon!
Another round over here!
On Runo's tab...
Easy big spender !
[laughter]
Unfortunately...
I've got some bad news to tell you guys.
Huh?
Masquerade...
he took down Chan.
You're kidding !
And it's not only Chan...
I got some serious information that Julio
was hit by him as well.
Julio too ?
I guess that means...
he got to Billy ...
Most likely...
Probably all his other sidekicks too ...
Darn it!
It's gotta be revenge ...
He's getting revenge on all of them!
No Dan...
I think that there's more to all this than simple revenge ...
He is probably trying to increase Hydranoid's
power level in order to make him evolve.
Makes sense.
Fourtress and Sirenoid were very powerful Bakugan...
But then that could mean...
That could mean that Hydranoid has already evolved!
Hmph!
Than I say \"bring it on\"!
Cuz Drago's already evolved!
So quit hiding in the shadows like the chicken
I know you are !
Uhh...
ya think you could maybe save it for the day there,
Genghis?
Huh?
Oh...
Well then...
guess I'll be going.
Thanks for the drink.
Huh?
Ya gotta leave already ?
Yeah, sorry guys...
I'm kinda of in the middle of a trip with my mom.
She said she wanted to take me to all kinds of cool
new places because I was cooped up in that hospital
for so long.
I gotta say...
it's been a blast so far.
I sure wish I could go with you.
Thanks again you guys.
See ya later.
Hey bud...
Huh?
Stop by the chat room now and then -
y'know - keep in touch.
'Kay!
He got me, Master Shun!
I beg you...
Get revenge for Harpus!
He got me, Master Shun!
I beg you...
Get revenge for Harpus!
Harpus...
Poor thing...
You'll pay Masquerade...
Don't worry, I'll finish those...
Why don't you take a bath or something?
Sounds good!
Thanks...
I appreciate it...
Huh?
Alice!
What's the matter... you okay?
Y- yeah, sure...
I'm okay...
I just had a little dizzy spell, that's all...
You look tired...
maybe you should just go to bed.
You're right...
I think I'll do that, Runo.
I wonder who Dan bought that little frog necklace for
the other day?
It's been bugging me.
The more I think about it the more I don't think
it's actually for Runo.
Maybe he's gonna wear it to an amphibious theme party...
Huh?
Oh well, let's sleep on it.
Yeah, sounds good.
[snoring]
It's Masquerade!
What the heck are you doing here?
You were the one who asked me
to \"come out of the shadows\".
Oh yeah, and I called you a \"chicken\" too!
I wanna brawl right here and now!
Where'd he go?
[evil laugh]
Easy tough guy, I've already decided the time and place...
and then we'll see who's...
chicken !
I'm no chicken!
Guess it was a dream.
Huh?
It was...
real !
Masquerade...
I've had enough...
I'm gonna take you down for everything you've done!
See ya mom!
Be home for dinner.
I'm making something special, okay?
Huh?
You're back?
Yeah, kinda...
Today's your birthday so I thought I ...
Oh my... I forgot.
'Kay... See ya!
-Daniel... -Yeah?
Thanks so much!
No prob.
Gotta go!
That was sure nice of him.
[\u266a]
O-kay... Let's do this now !
Go ahead and draw...
Hmph...
Field... ...Open!
Stay tuned for more Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Welcome back to Bakugan Battle Brawlers.
Doom Card Set!
Gate Card... Set!
Bakugan, Brawl!
Darkus Wormquake!
Stand!
My turn...
Bakugan Brawl !
Pyrus Griffon!
Stand!
BAKUPOD: Pyrus Griffon, 10 G advantage.
Gate Card...
Open.
Energy Merge.
BAKUPOD: 100 Gs transferred to Darkus Wormquake.
Y'think that'll stop me?
Ability Card!
Activate!
Fire Tornado!
BAKUPOD: 100 Gs transferred back to Pyrus Griffon.
So the first win goes to Dan.
I win...
That time...
Bakugan... Brawl!
Darkus Laserman!
Stand!
BAKUPOD: Power level: 370 Gs.
370...
Think I'll go with Griffon again!
Bakugan Brawl!
Griffon! Stand!
BAKUPOD: Power level: 390 Gs.
Alright, Gate Card Open!
Joker's Wild!
Oh, no! Griffon!
What was that?
They hadn't even brawled yet!
The \"Joker's Wild\" card...
With it, the Darkus attributed Bakugan
wins unconditionally.
Oh man...
I've never heard of that card before...
Things're getting serious...
Both Dan and Masquerade only have two Bakugan left now.
You're right Marucho...
things are getting serious...
More serious than you can ever imagine...
Bakugan... Brawl!
Darkus Laserman! Stand!
What?
He's using Darkus Laserman again?
Just be careful Dan...
Masquerade has something up his sleeve...
Ha!
When I'm done he's gonna wish he never even
got dressed ...
Gate Card Set!
Bakugan Brawl !
Pyrus Saurus! Stand!
BAKUPOD: Saurus: 10 G advantage.
'Kay Pyrus Saurus Let's show this chump who rules
this playground...
Gate Card Open.
All right! We did it!
What the...
Oh, no!
I've heard of this: it's called \"Quicksand Freeze\"!
[evil laughter]
And now for the main attraction...
It's show time...
Dual Hydranoid!
So it's true then...
Bakugan Brawl!
Dual Hydranoid...
Stand.
This is it...
This is Hydranoid evolved!
BAKUPOD: Power level: 480 Gs.
[roar]
[screaming]
What the heck was that?
Well, the stage is now set...
but all of the actors have yet to arrive...
What?
Come my friend...
it is your turn.
Dan...
Right...
looks like it's your turn ol' buddy.
I am ready.
Well... this is it...
good luck!
Bakugan Brawl!
Drago! Stand!
BAKUPOD: Drago at 450 Gs
Now it looks as if we have a full cast...
Two heads are better than one...
... but three's a crowd...
\"One\" works for me...
so that doesn't leave much room for you .
Gate Card... Open !
Brawl!
[\u266a]
That has gotta hurt...
[screaming]
[\u266a]
How do you like the show so far?
I think perhaps it's time for Dual Hydranoid
to bring the house down.
Ability Card, Activate.
Dual Gazer!
But... how?
Drago! Watch out!
BAKUPOD: Increased by 50 Gs
Final act.
Drago!
Ability Card Activate!
Wall Burst!
Did it work?
BAKUPOD: Decrease by 100 Gs
Y es !
Way to go Dan!
Well, well...
... the plot thickens...
[evil laugh]
Congratulations...
you have succeeded in making me very angry.
BAKUPOD: HSP decrease.
Look at that !
-Oh no... -His head...
... it grew back ...
No way ...!
Unbelievable...
Now...
... it's time for the final curtain...
... and unfortunately for you
there will be no encores.
Playtime's over.
I gotta put you back in Drago...
Let's finish this once and for all!
I'm ready, Dan...
ready to do everything I can...
to take down Dual Hydranoid!
Listen Dan....
We can only do this together !
Yeah!
Bakugan... Brawl!
Drago! Stand!
BAKUPOD: Power level: 450 Gs.
Okay, this is it Masquerade!
Gate Card Open!
Character Card Activate!
BAKUPOD: Power level doubled.
Ability Card Activate!
Gazer Exedra!
BAKUPOD: Power increase 100 Gs.
Check this ...
Delta Dragonoid!
BAKUPOD: Power increase 400 Gs.
There is no way you can beat us!
On the contrary...
we can beat you and we most certainly will .
Fusion Ability Card Activate!
Destruction Impact!
BAKUPOD: Power increase 100 Gs.
Delta Dragonoid!
-Wow! -Way to go!
Good job you two!
Yes!
Told ya! There's no wa...
So tell me...
... was that your best shot?
But how ?
I don't get it...
There's no way he could have survived that...
BAKUPOD: Drago's power: 650 Gs.
But why...
why did Drago's power level go down ?
\"Destruction Impact\" doesn't just increase
Dual Hydranoid's power level...
It also has the effect of nullifying your gate card .
[laughter]
It can't be...
... it just can't be...
Noooo!
That's not possible !
It looks like the show is over...
... for you , at least.
And now, Dual Hydranoid...
... time to take a bow.
No! Drago!
No, please. Don't do this to him...
Drago!
Drago... !
This can't be ...
I can't watch...
Oh no...
Drago's going down!
Dan... farewell my friend...
Away with you!
Nooo!
I refuse to let you go like this...
Wait Dan!
Don't do it!
I'll never leave you Drago...
Wait for meeeeee!
Dan!
What... happened...?
That was foolish.
Dan...
Where are you Dan?
Dan?
What have you done with him... tell me!
I've done nothing to him.
He chose his own fate.
The Doom Dimension is the afterlife for Bakugan.
There is no return...
for Bakugan or humans.
You did this!
Oh Dan...
why did you have to go and do that?
Oh no!
Oh Runo...
Daaaaaaaan!
Hi honey, I'm home!
Hey dear ... That smells good!
I already had chicken going,
but I also decided to make Dan's favorite: hamburgers!
Have a seat...
I think Dan should be home any minute now!
What gives?
you're in a good mood.
Runo here!
Coming up on Bakugan Battle Brawlers,
the rest of us have no idea what to do
about Dan disappearing into the Doom Dimension.
Dan's mom even comes to visit me,
and I don't know what to tell her.
Poor woman.
Everything seems kinda out of control right now.
Then, Shun receives an invitation card
from Masquerade!
Guess we've got no choice but to confront him...
we owe it to Dan!
Bakugan Brawl!
See ya there!